Distributed Test Sharer (DTS) is a novel system created with the Java programming language to optimize JUnit test suite execution across many nodes in a network. 

Testing is often considered to be one of the most important components of the software development cycle and therefore it is important to conduct a thorough and correct test suite on a software system. Many large software systems are subject to testing that can take several hours and potentially longer to execute, which can be very costly. For example, in situations where a system's test suite takes several hours or even days to execute, and one of the tests that is not executed early in the testing process fails, the cost of identifying this failure can be exceptionally high. For this reason, approaches to decreasing the cost of executing test suites is a very popular topic in software development. One of approaches to successfully reducing the cost associated with testing a system is to use distributed testing. This is an approach in which test cases are distributed or scattered across many different nodes in a network, executed locally on that given node, and the result of the test case is then returned across the network.

We have used a load sharing approach in our DTS to attempt to improve the throughput and response time of executing many test cases across many nodes, compared to just one.  We have further analyzed the approach of the Test Load Balancer (TLB) system, which instead uses load balancing.  Please see our report in the `docs` directory for a full discussion of how the system was created, how it was executed, and the analysis of our results.